The Los Angeles Lakers and Los Angeles Clippers are rival teams in the National Basketball Association (NBA).[1] The two Pacific Division teams both play their home games at Staples Center in Los Angeles, inspiring their matchups to sometimes be called the "Hallway Series". The Lakers relocated from Minneapolis in 1960, while the Clippers moved from San Diego in 1984. Los Angeles fans have historically favored the Lakers.[2][3] The Lakers have won 11 of their 16 NBA championships since moving to Los Angeles.[4] Meanwhile, the Clippers have made the playoffs only eight times since 1984 and were long considered the laughingstock of the NBA;[5][6][7][8] in the history of the franchise, they have never advanced past the second round of the playoffs.[9] Some contended that the term rivalry was inaccurate until the Clippers became more successful.[10] For the first time in 20 years, the Clippers won the season series against the Lakers in 2012–13. The Lakers hold a 98–40 advantage in the all-time series against the Clippers.[a] The two teams have never met in the playoffs.

His Golden State Warriors were "too nice" in a 100-86 loss to the Los Angeles Clippers. Don't expect Green and the Warriors to be sympathetic on Sunday when they face off against the Clippers at 3:30 p.m. ET on ABC for the first time since that drubbing.

"We don't like each other," Andrew Bogut told Rusty Simmons of the SF Gate. "It's kind of one of those throwback games from back in the day, when there were flagrants and technicals and all of that type of stuff."

Green is ready for a battle, too. And he wants to the Warriors to be the aggressor. "When you've got two talented teams," he told Simmons, "the more physical team will probably win the game. That's the way you have to approach it."

It's the third matchup between the two teams this season. The Warriors dominated the first with a 121-104 victory, but were outmatched on Christmas Day. Last season, the teams split their four games before the Clippers prevailed in a thrilling seven-game series in the first round of the playoffs. Over their last 13 games, the Clippers hold a 7-6 edge.

This season, however, the Warriors have been the best team in the Western Conference. At 48-12, they have the best record in the West by five games. The Clippers aren't matching pace with the Warriors, but they're holding their own at 40-22, which is currently good enough for fifth in the West.

Both teams have hopes of winning the NBA Championship. That's one reason for the disdain between the two teams: They both want the same thing. "When you're fighting for something, (chippy) stuff tends to happen," Green told Simmons.

There's reason to be excited for Sunday's game -- the hate between these two teams is strong.

A history of chippiness

When we think of physical NBA rivalries, we think of tough defense and low scoring affairs. But that's not the case between the Clippers and the Warriors -- these are the two best offensive teams in the NBA this season. The Clippers lead the league an offensive rating of 109.6 and the Warriors are just behind them at 109.3. That's what happens when you have two of the best point guards in the game with Chris Paul and Stephen Curry.

But just because these teams score in bunches doesn't mean they're not physical -- and as Green and Bogut said, the teams don't like one another. There are plenty of on-court tangles and elbows to see why.

A fantastic look at the rivalry by Justin Russo over at Clips Nation from April 2014 lays out the altercations:

There was David Lee telling Blake Griffin to "stop flopping" as well Kent Bazemore and the Warriors bench going nuts when Blake Griffin hit the side of the backboard on a corner three, Festus Ezeli grabbing onto Griffin's arm which resulted in Griffin falling hard, a scuffle at the end of their Christmas Day game [in 2013], Griffin having three straight fast-break dunks which resulted in an iconic close-up of Mark Jackson, and Griffin's put-back dunk that woke up the entire arena.

Plus, there are off-court issues as well. Most teams hold chapel together before a game. On Halloween day in 2013, the Clippers broke tradition and refused to go have chapel with the Warriors, according to Marcus Thompson of the Bay Area News Group.

The Warriors really don't like Blake Griffin

Griffin will miss his 12th straight game after undergoing elbow surgery, but the Clippers-Warriors vitriol wouldn't be where it was today without Griffin. In fact, as seen above, most of the mix-ups involve Griffin.

The biggest altercation came on a wild Christmas Day in 2013, when Green threw an elbow at Griffin's throat. Green was called for a flagrant-2 foul and was ejected from the game. Griffin was given a technical foul. Not long after, Bogut and Griffin got tangled up beneath the hoop. Bogut was assessed a flagrant-1 foul and Griffin was called for another technical, which got him ejected. Doc Rivers said he thought that "Golden State was trying to get Blake thrown out of the game, and it worked."

It's not only the Warriors players who can get under Griffin's skin -- Warriors fans have reason not to like Griffin as well, he dumped water on a fan in a playoff loss last season.

With Griffin out, Green will be forced to target his trash talking elsewhere. And if he hits a big shot, he'll have to stick his tongue out at someone else.